[♪ opening theme song playing]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
THE WORLD DREAMS
[♪ distant
concert music playing]
[Mai singing
Japanese rock song]
[song ends]
Thank you all
for coming tonight.
I have an important
announcement to share with you.
I'm sure some of you have
already realized this
by now, but...
truth is
I am really Touko Kirishima.
[crowd cheering]
And now
here's one more song!
[♪ gentle music playing]
[line ringing]
Hello, Akagi here.
Hey, it's Azusagawa.
Can I see you later today?
[groans softly]
DECEMBER 25TH
Good morning, Mai.
Ah! Did I say something
strange in my sleep?
What were you and Akagi
doing together in your dream?
I was just giving her a call
Wait, your smartphone?
Are you sure?
-Yeah.
-Hmm.
That is a strange dream.
I think I was
at a music festival
and for some reason
a Touko Kirishima song.
You even claimed
to be Touko Kirishima
in front of everyone.
Do you think it's another one
of those prophetic dreams
that's been going around?
Hmm.
It was eerily realistic.
Either way
I don't have any plans
to perform at a music festival.
And me being Touko Kirishima
isn't even possible.
Good morning, you two!
Good morning to you.
Oh, Mai!
There's something
I forgot to tell you yesterday
but we received
an unusual offer.
It's for
a music-related project.
[both gasp softly]
Is it an offer for me to perform
at an upcoming music festival?
Uh, how did you figure that out?
[MAI] According to Ryoko
the music festival is going
to be held on 1st April.
[SAKUTA] That's still
quite a while from now.
[MAI] The band that performed
with me in the movie
that came out last month
is inviting me
to one of their gigs
as a guest vocalist, I guess.
[SAKUTA] So then
I'll have to accept.
I do feel obliged
to help them out after all.
[SAKUTA] I guess that means
we're one step closer
to that future in my dream.
Yeah, maybe.
AlI I have to do now
is reveal to everyone
I'm Touko Kirishima, right?
I guess so.
And that means I'm gonna have
to buy a smartphone too.
-I'm home.
-[door closes]
-You're super late, Big Brother.
-[news playing on TV]
[Nasuno purring]
Considering I'm coming back
from a date, I'd say I'm early.
[NEWS ANCHOR]
There have been reports
of people having difficulties
accessing several popular
social media services.
LARGE-SCALE NATIONWIDE
COMMUNICATION FAILURE
The reason for this incident
is believed
to be server flooding
from simultaneous posts
with a #Dreaming
currently viral...
The Dreaming tag again?
[news continues indistinctly]
Did you happen
to see a dream too, Kaede?
I did.
Was it such
an embarrassing dream
that you don't want
to talk about it?
It's not that it was
embarrassing, but--
But what?
I dreamed that
I was back to my other self.
Me and Nasuno were here
waiting for you to come home.
Well, surely
that wouldn't come true.
Is there something on your mind
that would cause you to relapse?
My future.
That's actually a healthy thing
to have on your mind.
-I'm going to apply to college.
-[soft gasp]
I'm still not very comfortable
in places with a lot of people.
But Komi told me
that her first choice school
was the university you go to.
So I thought about it.
And if Komi's there
Is that bad?
I don't think so.
I mean
to the same university as Mai.
So I get it.
Anyway, are you good on time?
Your shift
starts at 6:00, right?
Mm-hmm.
Later, Big Bro.
Kaede's dream, huh?
[typing]
I DREAMED I WAS TALKING ABOUT
BREAKING UP WITH MY BOYFRIEND.
A DREAM OF GETTING INTO COLLEGE.
VIEWING CHERRY BLOSSOMS
AT NIGHT.
[soft gasp]
[line ringing]
[WOMAN] Hello.
My name is Azusagawa.
Is this the correct number
for Miss Akagi?
Uh-oh, Azusagawa?
[SAKUTA]
Sorry to call out of the blue
on Christmas night.
Who gave you my number?
Well
I saw it in my dream
because I dialed
your number in it.
So then
I decided to call
this number to see
if it really belonged to you.
Sorry for the sudden call.
Don't worry about it.
There's something I wanted
to talk to you about as well.
Can it be that
you also had a dream?
That's right.
I also had a dream where
I received a call from you.
You said, "Can I see you later?"
[SAKUTA] So, a dream of
the same day as the one I saw.
[IKUMI] Hey, Azusagawa...
I think
I may have figured out
what the dream was about.
Wait, really?
Actually
that dream is...
DECEMBER 28TH - SHONAN PERSONAL
INSTRUCTION CRAM SCHOOL
[YAMADA] Mr. Sakuta, is it cool
if I skip today's class?
Tell me why
I had a dream
on the night of Christmas Eve.
What kind?
A dream where I'm on a date
with Yoshiwa at Enoshima.
Yeah, that's pretty dreamy.
We ate sardine bowls together.
She hand-fed me
some soft serve ice cream
and then we held hands.
So basically
you want to skip class because
you feel awkward seeing Yoshiwa?
Uh-huh.
Yamada.
Didn't you have the hots
for Himeji until recently?
[gasps, sighs]
I bumped into Himeji
at the train station
on the evening of Christmas Eve.
She said something like
"I'm sorry if I gave you
the wrong idea until now."
Hold on, Yamada.
I thought you didn't believe
in occult stories and stuff
like the Dreaming tag.
Of course
But Yoshiwa might have had
the same dream I did, you know?
It's been happening to everyone!
And, uh...
[gasps] Hmm.
That pretty much confirms
she had the same dream.
But regardless, everyone keeps
talking about dreams lately.
JANUARY 3RD
HAPPY NEW YEAR
[all laughing]
[FATHER] No, I really
thought that was a mochi.
-You understand?
-[SAKUTA] That's lame.
My dear
thank you again
for sending us the fish cakes.
Hold on. I thought those
were under my name, though.
But Mai was the one who thought
of sending it, right?
I gotta hand it to you, Mom.
You have us figured out.
We'll be back
after a brief news update.
GOGOICHI SQUARE
NEW YEAR SPECIAL
This just in.
Before dawn yesterday
for walking around
bending license plates on cars
in a residential district
of Yokohama.
During police investigation
"I had a dream that I still
wasn't employed in April
and I did it because
I was feeling irritated
and annoyed."
The police are...
That's a rather
strange incident.
Yes, I agree.
By the way, Mai
do you remember what kind of
dream you had on Christmas Eve?
I actually didn't have one.
Oh, you didn't?
[MOTHER] Mai
is this year.
Will you be wearing a kimono?
Well, my mother
suddenly visited me yesterday
and she left one for me
Wow. So pretty.
I'm sure it'll look great
on you, Mai.
It's truly a beautiful design.
I'm looking forward to
Kaede turning 20.
We still have a while
before that, Mom.
Just three more years, huh?
Yeah, that's still a ways to go.
[FATHER] But those three years
will fly by before you know it.
Oh, yeah. I had adream
on Christmas Eve.
We were performing
at a concert hall in Yokohama.
All of the girls
in Sweet Bullet even said
that they had
the same dream too.
[SAKUTA] I see.
Sorry to bother you
on your break.
Later.
[MAI] Are you starting
to get worried
that I didn't have a dream?
Mostly because
you're the only one
close to me that didn't.
Don't you think
we should be more worried
about you having all these
strange dreams instead?
And the Santa Claus
that only you can see
is even more worrying.
Besides, if this is really
about not having a dream
can't you say the same
for your parents?
Yeah, but they're
full grown adults.
They're nowhere
near pubescent age.
Then perhaps my time
of going through puberty
is over now.
You are actually
really mature after all.
You should try
growing up soon too, Sakuta.
That way, you wouldn't
have to be worried
about puberty syndrome
all the time.
JANUARY 5TH
Well, good morning
to you, Mr. Sakuta.
Good morning, Himeji.
Oh, come on, sir, you should
be way more surprised.
Normally this would be
where you ask
"What are you doing here?"
You know.
Well, you started
working here, right?
I can tell by looking.
Boo.
You're no fun.
Oh, by the way, Himeji
did you have a dream
on Christmas Eve?
Yeah, I did.
I dreamt that I met up
with some friends
to hang out in Enoshima.
By any chance
you didn't happen to see Yamada
there too, did you?
Yeah, I did, actually.
I think he was on a date
with Yoshiwa.
He was in love with me
not too long ago.
Just how terrible
can that boy be?
Oh, by the way
did you know
about this, Mr. Sakuta?
Everyone is saying that
Mai Sakurajima
is Touko Kirishima.
There are over 5
Yeah, I'd say 5
[grumbling]
[SAKUTA] What is it?
You have a complaint
against me or something?
That's not it.
I just thought I'd talk to you
about #Dreaming.
So you had a dream on the night
of Christmas Eve too?
Like I think everyone did.
Okay
so did you see Mai's disclosure
during the music festival
in your dream as well?
No, it wasn't that.
Then what did you see?
Well, for some reason
took place a lot earlier
than April 1st.
And in my dream
Sakurajima holds
a "police chief for a day" event
at Fujisawa Police Station.
At that event
falls unconscious
That's what I saw.
The news said she got crushed
by falling equipment
and was rushed
straight to the hospital.
♪
And then?
You don't know what happened
to her afterwards, do you?
As far as I know
by April 9th
of her regaining consciousness.
Huh? Are you saying
you experienced a dream
spending all those days?
It's not really that many days.
There's no way you saw every day
between Christmas Eve
and April 9th, right?
So what if I did?
This time around, it's not like
I was repeating the same day
over and over again.
Don't tell me because
you're a few months away
from graduating high school
you're worried about
making friends in college.
And you were
feeling uneasy, huh?
Oh, just shut up, will you?
But I guess I should thank you.
You really saved me.
All right, well
Buy me a Mont Blanc
sometime, okay?
FIND TOUKO KIRISHIMA
MAI-SAN IS IN DANGER!
Geez. Now I'm eve
more confused than ever.
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
JANUARY 6TH
[WOMAN] With all this
Touko Kirishima stuff
I wonder if Azusagawa
knows her identity.
[MAN] Of course. He would
if he's your boyfriend.
Happy New Year, Azusagawa.
Happy New Year wishes
to you as well.
Good luck.
I hope the coming year
brings you fortune.
Brighten up!
[SAKUTA] I have been disciplined
to greet people properly
by the most incredible
and cutest girlfriend
in the world.
[TAKUMI] Oh, yeah
by the way
who is the cutest in the world
are all those
Touko Kirishima rumors real?
That thing people are hyping up
on social media
as group prognostication?
You seriously think people
seeing their futures and dreams
is a real thing?
I'm not really buying into it
What kind of dream
did you have, Fukuyama.
Uh, I was back in Hokkaido
or something.
Why Hokkaido?
I'm from there.
That's the first time
I'm hearing of this.
I told you that
when I introduced myself.
Also, I told you my birthday
is on the 30th of this month.
First time I'm hearing that too.
Or rather, is it common
for people from Hokkaido
to come to our university?
Why is that?
I recently got to know
another student from Hokkaido.
Knowing you, Azusagawa
it's got to be
a really cute girl.
So can you introduce me?
Tell me, Fukuyama, why did you
choose our university?
Come on, don't try to change
the subject so obviously.
This girl must be pretty cute
if you...
Uh...
What's wrong?
Come to think
why did I choose to apply
for this university
in the first place?
[scribbling]
We need to have a talk.
MIDDLE OF AN EXAM RIGHT NOW
Then I'll just wait right here
until you're done.
Excuse me.
My stomach's upset, so I'm
going to go to the bathroom.
Hmph.
Huh?
[SAKUTA] All right. Spill.
What do you want from me now?
Just what does your girlfriend
think she's up to?
She's up to something?
Why are they saying online
she's Touko Kirishima?
If their posts
are really bothering you
you could prove them wrong
by announcing, "I'm the real
Touko Kirishima
You could even stream right now
and clear things up.
It won't work.
Any video footage with my face
is invisible to everyone.
The only thing people can see
are views from behind
that I film from a distance.
Well, okay then.
So you need to be perceived
by others before the reveal.
You don't have any ideas
why this happened, Kirishima?
I don't.
Iwamizawa doesn't have
any ideas either?
Looks like
there's something there.
This would all be resolved
if your girlfriend
simply denies it.
You can make that happen, right?
If I can do something
about this
will I receive a reward
in return?
Let's see.
I'll go on a date
with you for a day.
Very well.
I'll do what I can.
I guess we have a deal.
Then I'm counting on you.
By the way
did you see any dreams
on Christmas, Kirishima?
I didn't have any dreams
that night.
Interesting. Neither did Mai.
[MIORI] Welcome back
Sounds like one of those
weird titles on a morning drama.
Everyone in our basic seminar
hurried up and left.
Apparently they have
a New Year's party to go to.
Why didn't you
go along with them, Mito?
Actually, there's something
I wanted to ask you
that's more important.
Are you asking for my type?
Well, that'd be Mai, of course.
Well, I know that
but then, who was the woman
you left the room with earlier?
Mm?
She dresses up
like a miniskirt Santa
every so often, doesn't she?
You're able to see her?
Hmm?
Okay, I think
I get the gist of it now.
So that's why Manami gave me
a weird look the other day
when I told her
In reality, it's not that
she's actually invisible
but more like nobody
outside of you and me
are able to perceive her.
Same for
the Miss Campus website.
The page detailing the winner
is invisible to others.
You think I'd be able to see it?
Whoa, you carry that around
every day?
A gentleman should never peek
at a maiden's laptop.
Oh, so there must be some
obscene files hidden on there.
Oh, yeah. Totally.
[typing]
Oh, this one?
Last year's grand prize.
NENE IWAMIZAWA: SOPHOMORE
MAJOR: INTERNATIONAL EDUCATION
Sophomore
in International Education
originally from Hokkaido.
[SAKUTA] That's the one.
[MIORI]
She's on social media, too.
Does she look like
she'd have a reason
to make her want to disappear?
It looks like
she stopped posting in April
so maybe something happened
around that time?
For instance?
Maybe Mai came back
from her leave of absence
and showed up at the university
and she instantly stole
everyone's attention
away from her
Yeah, maybe.
This girl is a model
and the grand prize winner
of a Miss Campus contest.
I'm sure
before Mai showed up here
she was being flattered
all over campus.
Mai was like an intruder
and this campus was the kingdom
that Princess Nene Iwamizawa
was ruling before her.
But then famed actress
Queen Mai Sakurajima
stormed into the kingdom
and usurped the throne.
When you're forced
to go up against Mai
falling into ruin
in an instant is a given.
Maybe her beautiful tiara
and dress were stripped away
and she dropped ranks
all the way down
to a lowly commoner.
That's why
Nene Iwamizawa disappeared.
Because her value wasn't
being acknowledged anymore.
Hmm.
I think it's slightly different
from that, though.
-Hmm?
-Due to Mai showing up
she was no longer seen
as someone who was special.
And she came to realize that
all of her so-called friends
that constantly surrounded her
were now laughing
behind her back.
So perhaps she felt miserable
and went into hiding.
[soft gasp]
Someone asserting dominance
being taken down a peg
makes you think, "Ha-ha!
Serves you right
Yeah, I guess so.
And on top of
all that complicated stuff
so-called hurt people think
they aren't hurting anyone else.
Yeah, that, or they think
it's perfectly okay
for them to hurt others.
As if it was a privilege
that they earned.
Did something happen to you
in the past, Mito?
Something?
It seems as though you were
speaking from experience.
Well, of course
I have a thing or two
that happened to me in the past
But you see
this girl is Touko Kirishima.
With her reputation
as much as she wants by saying
if she desired.
In that case, maybe she's not
actually Touko Kirishima.
Huh?
[RIO] This friend of yours
sure says
some of
the most interesting things.
[SAKUTA] Though
I'm still
just a potential friend.
JANUARY 7TH
So what's your take
on this, Futaba?
I do think what she said
is a probable deduction
of what led up to the situation.
Yeah, it is.
Personally, though
I think I'm more concerned
about that misunderstanding
about Sakurajima right now.
They're talking about it
as if it were the truth
over at my university.
That Sakurajima
really is Touko Kirishima.
I think that will be resolved
the day after tomorrow.
The holiday?
Yeah. You know
it'll be Coming of Age Day
at the Coming of Age
Ceremony interview.
She'll just deny it
and post the same thing
on her social media.
Well, my only concern
would be if the rumors
don't die down
even after doing all that.
[SAKUTA] It is possible
that the people
who had the same dream
might believe in that
more than her statements.
By the way
what kind of dream did you have
on Christmas Eve, Futaba?
I was going out with Kunimi.
Huh?
Yes. We were eating together.
So I think it was a date.
For real?
But that's impossible.
Kunimi, of all people.
After the bit with Kasai
Huh?
Not being able to reciprocate
someone's feelings
can often be stifling.
I wonder if Kunimi
felt the same way.
Still, though
I don't believe that dream
was actually the future.
If you're saying that
Akagi said so too
that perhaps that dream
wasn't looking into the future
but it was more like peeking
into the other possible universe
from this one.
Well, even so
it's like, what can we even do
about it at this point?
[MAI]True.
Whether it be the future
or the other possible universe
we won't really know until
that day actually arrives.
I need a break.
All these dreams are a pain.
Oh. That's right.
Turns out, I got a gig
to be "police chief for a day"
pretty soon.
[gasps]
By any chance
Uh, yeah. It is.
How did you know?
♪
[♪ closing theme song playing]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM
OF SANTA CLAUS
[KAEDE] Oh, Big Brother
NEXT EPISODE
#12 REINDEER'S WORK